MALE NARRATOR:
Previously on Prison Break:
I didn't kill that man. Michael.
The evidence says you did.
I was set up.
POLICEMAN: Put down your weapon.
I find it incumbent that you
see the inside of a prison cell.
I'm looking for someone. A
guy named Lincoln Burrows.
SUCRE: Man killed the
Vice President's brother.
Why you want to see
Burrows so bad anyhow?
SCOFIELD: Because
he's my brother.
I'm getting you out of here.
It's impossible. Not if you
designed the place. it isn't.
You've seen the
blueprints. Better than that.
I've got them on me.
JENAE: I took some time
to speak to your mother...
Hey. if you're talking
about that guy at Fox River...
He refuses to
call him his father.
Take the only thing
Burrows has left.
The chair isn't the only way
to take a man's life in prison.
FEMALE NARRATOR: And now
scenes from last week's episode.
But constantly coming
up here for count
won't let me do what I need
to do to get through that wall.
SUCRE: Only way to
stop count is a lockdown.
You gotta get the
inmates riled up.
All right. that's it! Lockdown!
Somebody made an
anonymous phone call.
Whoever made that call
couldn't have seen Lincoln.
How do you know?
Because the phone call
came from Washington. D.C.
(INMATES LAUGHING)
This is Bellick. Our
wing has been breached.
Hooke's law of elasticity?
If we drill holes in
strategic locations.
we compromise the
load-carrying capacity of the wall.
Take the cuffs off.
A rookie CO.
LINCOLN: Get out of here. T-Bag.
I think we can
work something out.
No deal.
TANCREDI: Where's my daughter?
POPE: Not to
worry. sir. She's fine.
A guard there assures
us that everything is fine.
We have everything
under control. Governor.
You better hope you do.
(INMATES CLAMORING)
They're breaking out.
They're breaking...
(SHUSHING)
We need a favor.
Some heavy hitters
want this done.
TURK: Burrows
is as good as dead.
TURK: You looking for Scofield?
Yeah. Turk. Come on.
Hey. yo. Stroker's
about to get the Doc.
Sucre. I need you to
finish what we started.
No one touches the CO. No one.
-== [ www.OpenSubtitles.org ] ==-
(INMATES SCREAMING)
POLICEMAN: (ON LOUDSPEAKER) Attention
all personnel. Attention all personnel.
Secure the perimeter.
On all areas.
Attention. The area
is on secure lockdown.
(MAN CHATTERING ON LOUDSPEAKER)
(SOLDIERS CHATTERING)
Any word from the
Governor? Not yet. boss.
(SIRENS WAILING)
(ALARM BUZZING)
Bellick. get those guys in line.
Get them into formation.
We going back in? Not yet.
We cut the water off
about an hour ago.
The stink alone should
drive them out of there.
You think that's gonna
work? No. but it's protocol.
And we're all gonna
do this by the book.
It's the best chance we have
of everybody getting out of there
without getting hurt.
FIORELLO: Hey!
This is the Warden.
What's happening in there?
We got some demands!
Tell them we need
the air back on.
We need the AC.
We got a hostage. A guard.
We got a hostage. the new guard.
Find out who's in there.
They got Bob.
And that girl doctor.
Tell them we got her.
Why don't you do it?
I don't want to get shot.
And we got the girl doctor!
The doctor? There's only one.
How the hell did that happen?
How did they get their hands on her?
I thought she was safe.
She was in Sick Bay.
We got to get her out of there.
Somebody has got to go in there now.
We can't do it. sir. Why not?
It's not by the book.
Sir. I've got some
updates for you.
Help! Help!
LINCOLN: Scofield's in here?
(GROANS)
You sure he's in here?
(STEAM HISSING)
Turk? Turk?
(CHOKING)
(GRUNTING)
(COUGHS)
You ain't gonna use that.
You making up the rules now?
It's my house.
You got a problem?
Yeah. I got a
problem. We all do.
I'm not a problem.
I swear to God.
I'm not gonna say anything.
I didn't see anything.
That's right. badge.
You didn't see nothing.
Wait. Don't leave.
Sorry. I'll be back.
Don't worry. I'll cover for you.
(INMATES CLAMORING)
Don't worry. CO. all right?
I'm not gonna hurt nobody.
I'm part of the team now.
Help a brother
out. Drag that over.
That's the way.
Mmm. mmm. mmm. hmm.
(VENT CLANGING)
Ladies and gentlemen.
please return to your seats
and fasten your seatbelts.
We're making our final
approach into Washington. D.C.
We need to focus
on the real question.
Who wanted Terrence
Steadman dead?
The call came from D.C.
What does that tell you?
You got to think
past the government.
Anybody could be here. A...
a business partner. a rival.
Before Steadman was killed.
Ecofield introduced a prototype
electric engine at the techno conference.
$60 barrels of oil
would be obsolete
if that thing ever
hit the mainstream.
Could be oil. oil companies.
Suppliers. consumers.
everything in between.
Or the government of
an oil-based economy.
Like the United States.
Can I take your soda? Sure.
Thank you. Thank you.
At any rate. we land.
we meet my guy.
And even if we don't find the
person who tipped off the cops.
we find his phone.
The paper trail begins.
(INMATES CLAMORING)
STROKER: Only a matter of
time. Doc. Only a matter of time.
Help!
(SIRENS WAILING)
(REPORTERS CHATTERING)
That's the Governor.
Whatever happens.
don't say anything.
Governor. appreciate your
coming. Now. you should know.
since our conversation.
the situation has escalated.
But not to worry. We're making
good progress with our contacts.
Just cut the crap. Warden. and
tell me where my daughter is.
Help!
T-BAG: What have we got
here? "Tyler Robert Hudson."
That is fancy. CO.
Oh. look at that
address. "144 Oak Park..."
What's this?
Terrace.
Terrace. How do
you swing that. CO?
Sounds like you're about
something. living on a terrace.
I can't wait to kick it
on a terrace. What?
Oh. oh.
This here must be your
daughter. Put it back.
Prom?
You know what they say
about a prom dress. don't you?
She ain't come home
that night. did she?
No. she wore
that all night long.
Next morning.
she had to throw that dress in
the trash can behind the motel
so her mama didn't see
the... ABRUZZI: Hey. hey. hey!
What the hell are you doing?
I'm just kicking it with Deputy
Dawg. You know. talking women.
I'll be very clear here.
because you and I
face an evolutionary gap.
You ain't gonna hurt this man.
We're locked into this
thing now. Understand?
And he's the only
leverage we have.
Thank you. You're welcome.
Now. do we have
an understanding?
I'm on your side now. You understand
me? I'm just going with the flow.
You let me know when you're
done with your. uh. leverage.
Let me out!
Let's smoke the bitch out!
(INMATE WHOOPING)
SARA: Help!
(INMATES YELLING)
What are you gonna do now. Doc?
(INMATE LAUGHING)
(YELLING)
It ain't gonna hurt real
bad if you make it easy.
If you make it hard. though...
(GROANING)
Open the door! Come here!
I said. open the
door! Open the door!
Come on. Grab my hand.
Come on!
STROKER: Come here. Open the door.
Come here. Open this door. Come here.
I've got you.
(PANTING)
You all right? It's okay.
I'm not gonna hurt you.
See these pipes? We're
gonna stay on them.
They go through the
wall and over the hallway.
and they're gonna
get us out of here.
All you have to do is follow me.
Okay? Yeah.
Okay. Let's go.
Where'd she go?
(CHUCKLING)
VERONICA: Where
are we meeting him?
NICK: Georgetown.
in a parking garage.
He's a private investigator.
He used to be my roommate.
freshman year at Duke.
MALE REPORTER: The
disturbance has escalated...
Oh. my God. Nick. look.
At least two hostages
have been confirmed
in what is now being
called a full-scale riot
here at the Fox River
State Penitentiary.
Should we go
back. or keep going?
We should keep going.
You want to go back and stand
there with the rest of the people
who aren't helping?
Come on.
MALE REPORTER: The
National Guard responded
after Illinois Governor
Frank Tancredi
declared a state of emergency...
Come on. honey. it's time
to go. Hold on. Hold on.
No word on what caused the
initial disturbance. but sources...
That's not Fox River. is it?
Corrections say tensions
often run high at this facility.
Fox River is a
level-five institution
housing some of the
most dangerous criminals...
What are you doing?
We have to go. Come on.
No. Dad might be in trouble.
Your father's already in trouble.
There's nothing we can do about it.
Just don't make a scene. okay?
He gets very uncomfortable
with this thing. Just...
Let's just go. okay?
Please. Oh. God forbid. man!
We're just talking about
my old man here. and his life.
If... if that's all right with
you. Leave me out of this.
I am leaving you out of it.
I left you out of it the day
I met you. Okay... okay.
Because nothing in her life or
mine has anything to do with you.
I'm gonna pretend I didn't
hear that. Oh. yeah? Or what?
ADRIAN: You see? This
is what I'm talking about.
This is the kind of
crap I have to deal with.
Just let me handle it! The kind
of crap you have to deal with?
LJ. you want to
talk to me. you talk...
Oh. you got no clue. do you?
Honey... Leave me alone!
Get off me! What the
hell are you doing?
You don't talk to your
mother like that. Stop it!
Take that. boy. Stop.
Go upstairs. LJ. now!
Go!
You love that man? Just go.
You love that
man? Do what I say.
(LINCOLN COUGHING)
Turk.
(HOARSELY) Why are
you doing this? I was sent to.
Why? Why?
(THUDDING)
Why'd you do this? What's
it all about? Who sent you?
Man. you got to help
me. You've got to. Please.
Talk!
(PRAYING IN SPANISH)
Who's your friend?
Scared the hell out of me.
Who you talking to?
It's the Fish's idea.
The devil marks the wall so
you know where to drill the holes.
You're making holes
with an eggbeater?
I know. Crazy. huh?
It's called the Hooker law.
It says that if you poke the exact
right holes in something big and strong.
it gets very weak.
That's true.
When the wall is weak.
we can take it down.
At least. that's the plan.
Yeah. that's always the plan.
You should never
underestimate a wall.
You see. sometimes no
matter how hard you try.
it just won't give in.
(SARA PANTING)
Are you all right?
I'm okay. I'm fine.
Come look this way!
(INMATES CLAMORING)
Open up!
You know what? I
need a minute. I'm sorry.
It's not much
further. Just a sec.
You know. we can stop if
you want. Catch your breath.
Okay. Yeah. I
could use a minute.
Come here. girl. Come here.
Things should be
winding down around now.
Pretty soon the powers
that be will break in
and it'll all be over.
It's just a matter of time.
What's happening in A-Wing?
All hell's breaking loose.
But I think if we stay up
here. we should be okay.
I can't believe
this is happening.
Yeah. come here.
That's real good. Doc.
You know. I'm fishing. girl.
I know you want it. girl.
You ever been to Baja?
Mexico? No.
There's this great
place down there.
$20 a night.
hammock on the back deck.
Beers are 50 cents.
25 cents at happy hour.
Ever been to Thailand?
Thailand is great.
Michael. if you're trying to calm
me down. you're doing a terrible job.
But I am trying.
Shh.
You hear that?
Why are you here?
What do you mean?
Crawling around in the
ceiling. risking your life.
You needed help and.
uh. I came to find you.
How did you know where to go?
When everything
went off in A-Wing.
the COs left the station
and I saw you on the monitor.
One of my first assignments on PI.
we were up here cleaning out toxic mold.
It took days. so I'm kind
of familiar with the layout.
Hope you wore a mask.
Excuse me? To
prevent inhalation.
Mold can be really dangerous.
Yeah. I wore a mask.
Get up there. get up there.
The door to the Visitation
Room. do you ever use it?
Um. not usually. But my
access card should work.
STROKER: Get up. MAN: Yeah.
Come on.
Let's go. Move.
Come on. baby.
STROKER: Get up there. man.
Let's go!
Come here!
Yes. sir. I understand. But
believe me. Sara is our top priority.
The hell she is.
I ordered a state of
emergency an hour ago.
Soldier. SOLDIER: Yes. sir?
Get me your commanding
officer. Right away. sir.
Now. what the hell
is going on out here?
Negotiating. sir. They
can't hold out much longer.
Negotiating?
It is 100 degrees in there.
They're almost out of water.
We are trying to avoid
doing anything extreme.
Look. I don't care if it takes a
massacre to get her out of there.
Do you understand me? Now.
if you're not gonna do it. I am.
Sir. Captain.
Spread the news.
you're going in. Yes. sir.
It's time to do this my way.
(INMATES SCREAMING)
All right.
I got you.
Hey. Fish!
You gonna keep that
nurse all to yourself?
(CHOKING)
(BOTH GRUNTING)
Stop!
(POP POP SCREAMING)
Oh. my knee!
SARA: Come on. This way.
Good call. Governor.
bringing in the big guns.
Appreciate your support.
Captain Brad Bellick.
I sent you a letter earlier this
year. My views on penal reform.
Oh. And what are they?
These inmates don't mess
around. us CO's need to get tough.
Warden Pope's a good
guy. don't get me wrong.
But he doesn't
understand that sometimes
you got to grab the situation
by the gonads and take control.
And is that what you
would do. Captain?
Yes. sir. that's
exactly what I'd do.
So...
Give me that. give me that.
I don't know. I...
Give me that thing.
Demolition runs in the family.
The whole trick is pressure.
Where should I... Here? Yeah.
Good. good.
You see. you should
push hard but not too hard.
Just like when you're. you know.
Yeah. but you got
to be careful. though.
Yeah. yeah. I know. I
know. No. no. I mean it.
(STUTTERING) One slip.
and you'll hit the gas pipe.
Gas pipe?
Yeah. you know. As in.
pipe that carries the gas.
We can't go this way.
We have to. There's no
other way to Visitation.
This is it. No. it's not.
It's back this way.
This won't help.
Trust me. Michael.
if you're wrong...
We don't have time.
Not too hard. not too soft...
When I was her age.
I had such bad skin.
(EXCLAIMS)
Acne. they called it.
Yeah. she looks just like all
them girls who made fun of me.
After I kill you.
I'm gonna crawl out that hole
and call me up a limousine.
and me and your
baby's going to the prom.
(SNICKERS)
Captain. what's
the news with Sara?
Still trying to find her. sir.
You don't even
know where she is?
We're on it. As soon as
we do. we'll let you know.
I should've listened to Captain
Bellick and gassed the whole block.
Captain Bellick?
He's right on the frontline. He
knows what these guys can do.
You better pray that Sara
gets out of there in one piece.
I do. Governor. but
this is still my prison.
Whatever happens. I
take full responsibility.
Excuse me.
It's this way.
(GRUNTING) Yeah.
Ooh.
Yes. We're through.
Time to put this
theory to the test.
I guess we start
chipping away now.
Right on. She's all yours. pal.
(LAUGHING)
This is about right.
We did it.
That's it.
Wait. I can't leave you here.
You don't have a choice. I'm
one of the bad guys. remember?
INMATE: Over there! Go. go. go!
INMATE 1: Come
on. man. Let's move it!
INMATE 2: Check this out.
MAN: (ON RADIO) Can
you see the assailant?
Number eight. Affirmative.
I've got him in sight.
What are you gonna do?
Go back to my cell.
Stay out of the way.
Michael. What?
They see us.
You have to go. I
can't. They'll kill you.
You go out the door.
I'll drop to the floor.
They're sharpshooters.
Michael. They won't miss.
That's why you can't stay here.
What's going on?
I'm coming. Doc!
Go!
(GUNS FIRING)
(INMATES SHOUTING)
♪ (ROCK MUSIC PLAYING ON STEREO)
VERONICA: Who's this?
That's my guy.
Hey.
Nice ride. Yeah. You like that?
Cop auction. $300.
You must be Veronica.
Whoever tipped off the
cops about Lincoln Burrows
called from this number.
It wasn't an easy trace. I
hope you're not too bummed.
Why? What's the problem?
FLETCH: It's a payphone.
This is it. 11th
and Constitution.
Anyone could've made that call.
Any one of the million people
who pass through here every day.
That's empty.
What about that?
NICK: Federal Energy
Commission. That's interesting.
Where you going?
I'm gonna go see if this
guy knows what was in there.
Excuse me.
Do you know what was
in that space before you?
Okay. Thanks.
NICK: Hey. it was the
regional headquarters
for a company called Ecofield.
Terrence Steadman's
company? That's right.
(TELEPHONE RINGING)
Hello? MAN: Veronica.
Who... who is this?
That's the problem. Veronica.
You ask too many questions.
Now I have one for you. Is
Lincoln Burrows really worth it?
Here. give me the
phone. Who is this?
Nick Savrinn. I just
wanted to let you know.
As of now. both of you are dead.
(DIAL TONE DRONING)
Come on. let's go.
C.O.: (ON SPEAKER) All inmates
have one minute to return to their cells.
Michael! Michael!
(GRUNTING)
Whoa. whoa. whoa!
I didn't touch your man. I
didn't touch him! Ask him.
Things have changed
since we last met.
Relax. partner.
I'm in on it now.
The rabbit plan. Know
all about it. So's the CO.
Why'd you take
Abruzzi down there?
I didn't take him down there!
He was just. he just turned up!
And the pedophile. he thinks he's
in. I know. Tenemos un problema.
Shut up! Where's Michael?
Where's Michael?
Michael! Michael!
C.O.: (ON SPEAKER)
Final warning.
Where have you been?
All over. Are you all
right? Yeah. Are you?
Yes. Yes.
LINCOLN: Move!
(SARA SNIFFLING)
Are you okay?
I'm okay. I'm okay.
Bellick.
She's walking.
That's a good sign.
Yeah. astute observation.
Maybe you'd like to share
that with the Governor.
I was tense. I
was just trying...
Next time you badmouth
me to one of my superiors.
there are going to be
serious consequences.
Do I make myself clear. Captain?
Yes. sir.
Good.
Sara.
Sara. Sara.
Dad? Sara.
Come on. Are you all right?
Are you okay? I told you.
I told you when
you took this job.
I knew something like
this was gonna happen.
Didn't I? I knew something
like this was gonna happen.
God. Dad. how about.
"I'm happy to see you alive"?
Well. sweetheart. I
just want you to see
what you're doing to yourself.
I mean. there is nobody
that is forcing you to be here.
I know. Thanks. Dad.
All right. Let's
clean this mess up.
(ALARM BLARING)
What's going on?
You won't believe
it. Fish. We did it.
You've never
seen nothing like it.
Those little Hooker
holes were right on.
All right. Let's get everyone
out of here. Especially him.
Getting him out of here. I'm
gonna take care of him myself.
You're not going to kill him.
I'm not coming back here.
It's over. We don't
need him no more.
You're not gonna kill him.
Are you so stupid you're gonna
let him walk out that front door?
LINCOLN: That ain't for you
to decide! After all he's seen?
After all he's seen?
Get out.
Keep your mouth
shut and turn left.
Get out!
If we have a problem.
we know where to find you.
(SPEAKING SPANISH)
Forget about it. Just
forget about it. all right?
No!
One for the team.
Okay. So. this is the complete
list of the injured and dead.
And it's the whole list? Yeah.
Thank you very much.
SARA: Thanks.
Hey. Ron.
Dr. Tancredi.
Glad to see you
made it out alive.
Yeah. me. too.
Um. question.
Mmm-hmm.
Why'd your department
assign inmates on PI
to do a toxic mold
removal project?
What toxic mold project?
In the. uh. the
crawlspace in A-Wing.
PI didn't go there. And we'd
never assign inmates to do that.
Okay. sorry. No problem.
(CELL DOORS SLAMMING)
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today